com/au/management/dao/UserDetailsDao.java
 com.au.management.dao.UserDetailsDao
com/au/management/controller/SkillsController.java
 com.au.management.controller.SkillsController
com/au/management/dao/impl/SkillDaoImpl.java
 com.au.management.dao.impl.SkillDaoImpl
SwaggerConfig.java
 SwaggerConfig
com/au/management/dao/AssessmentDao.java
 com.au.management.dao.AssessmentDao
com/au/management/service/SkillService.java
 com.au.management.service.SkillService
com/au/management/service/impl/TagServiceImp.java
 com.au.management.service.impl.TagServiceImp
com/au/management/service/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java
 com.au.management.service.impl.CourseServiceImpl
com/au/management/model/Skill.java
 com.au.management.model.Skill
com/au/management/dao/rowMapper/SkillRowMapper.java
 com.au.management.dao.rowMapper.SkillRowMapper
com/au/management/service/impl/UserDetailsServiceImpl.java
 com.au.management.service.impl.UserDetailsServiceImpl
com/au/management/dao/impl/TagDaoImpl.java
 com.au.management.dao.impl.TagDaoImpl
com/au/management/dao/rowMapper/TrainerRowMapper.java
 com.au.management.dao.rowMapper.TrainerRowMapper
com/au/management/service/impl/TrainerServiceImpl.java
 com.au.management.service.impl.TrainerServiceImpl
com/au/management/model/enums/AssessmentType.java
 com.au.management.model.enums.AssessmentType
com/au/management/dao/impl/CandidateDaoImpl.java
 com.au.management.dao.impl.CandidateDaoImpl
com/au/management/controller/AssessmentController.java
 com.au.management.controller.AssessmentController
com/au/management/dao/SkillDao.java
 com.au.management.dao.SkillDao
com/au/management/dao/impl/UserDetailsDaoImpl.java
 com.au.management.dao.impl.UserDetailsDaoImpl
com/au/management/controller/UserDetailsController.java
 com.au.management.controller.UserDetailsController
com/au/management/service/impl/CandidateServiceImpl.java
 com.au.management.service.impl.CandidateServiceImpl
com/au/management/dao/rowMapper/AssessmentResultRowMapper.java
 com.au.management.dao.rowMapper.AssessmentResultRowMapper
com/au/management/dao/rowMapper/AssessmentRowMapper.java
 com.au.management.dao.rowMapper.AssessmentRowMapper
com/au/management/model/UserDetails.java
 com.au.management.model.UserDetails
com/au/management/model/Tag.java
 com.au.management.model.Tag
com/au/management/controller/TagsController.java
 com.au.management.controller.TagsController
com/au/management/service/CandidateService.java
 com.au.management.service.CandidateService
com/au/management/model/AssessmentResult.java
 com.au.management.model.AssessmentResult
com/au/management/service/impl/AssessmentServiceImpl.java
 com.au.management.service.impl.AssessmentServiceImpl
com/au/management/service/UserDetailsService.java
 com.au.management.service.UserDetailsService
com/au/management/dao/TagDao.java
 com.au.management.dao.TagDao
com/au/management/model/Course.java
 com.au.management.model.Course
com/au/management/dao/CandidateDao.java
 com.au.management.dao.CandidateDao
com/au/management/dao/impl/TrainerDaoImpl.java
 com.au.management.dao.impl.TrainerDaoImpl
com/au/management/service/AssessmentService.java
 com.au.management.service.AssessmentService
com/au/management/model/Assessment.java
 com.au.management.model.Assessment
com/au/management/controller/TrainerController.java
 com.au.management.controller.TrainerController
com/au/management/dao/TrainerDao.java
 com.au.management.dao.TrainerDao
com/au/management/model/Trainer.java
 com.au.management.model.Trainer
com/au/management/service/CourseService.java
 com.au.management.service.CourseService
com/au/management/dao/rowMapper/CourseRowMapper.java
 com.au.management.dao.rowMapper.CourseRowMapper
com/au/management/dao/rowMapper/UserDetailsRowMapper.java
 com.au.management.dao.rowMapper.UserDetailsRowMapper
com/au/management/dao/impl/CourseDaoImpl.java
 com.au.management.dao.impl.CourseDaoImpl
com/au/management/model/OperationStatus.java
 com.au.management.model.OperationStatus
com/au/management/service/TrainerService.java
 com.au.management.service.TrainerService
com/au/management/service/TagService.java
 com.au.management.service.TagService
com/au/management/controller/CourseController.java
 com.au.management.controller.CourseController
com/au/management/dao/rowMapper/TagRowMapper.java
 com.au.management.dao.rowMapper.TagRowMapper
com/au/management/ManagementApplication.java
 com.au.management.ManagementApplication
com/au/management/dao/CourseDao.java
 com.au.management.dao.CourseDao
com/au/management/service/impl/SkillServiceImpl.java
 com.au.management.service.impl.SkillServiceImpl
com/au/management/dao/impl/AssessmentDaoImpl.java
 com.au.management.dao.impl.AssessmentDaoImpl
